# CS-230
The Gaming Room requested software design evaluation to expand their Android only Draw It or Lose It game to other platforms. This process would require adding a game server that would allow clients on different operating platforms to play against each other. It would also require developing a client experience for each of these operating platforms. I feel that the part of the software design document that I did well on was understanding how the different operating platforms would provide unique challenges as either clients or servers in this environment. I found the UML diagram to be very helpful in defining the different aspects of the code. It gave indications of how the different classes would work together and showed how design decisions could be explained through an UML diagram in ways that the developer might not understand yet.
If I could choose a part of the software design document to improve, I would want to change some aspects of the development environment available for each operating platform. Instead of focusing on trying to find a couple IDEs and programming languages that would work across all platforms, I should have focused more on all of the ones available for each platform. Interpreting the needs of the client was very important. Being able to find a combination of multiple operating platforms and make a decision based on difficulty, cost, and availability helps the client reach their product goal and the development team avoid roadblocks along the way.
When designing this software, I looked at ways to reach all of the possible operating platforms for clients while using easily available operating platforms for the design and backend parts of the development process. This allows for great results while avoiding complications like unavailability of coders for certain platforms and excessive costs per user for the server-side application. I think that I will continue to use these methods in future software development designs.
